{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24840\viewh12760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 drupal\
\
Bof  -- conference\
\
Badcamp - bay area drupal camp -- is for free!\
\
propose a workshop on the day before the conference.  Could maybe get some money for this.  Figure out if there's interest in this from the drupal organization and the public.  In June.  About automation and at the end of the day talk about my tool.  And teach them how a real engineer would approach testing.  So far he hasn't seen any talks on testings.  This one is in Austin.\
\
I could do the same in Europe, in Amersterdam.\
\
there's 400,000 drupal sites very similar, about 4000 are \
\
Crossing the Chasm-- how to start a product--first way is to narrow down the problem set, it focuses the community \'85 grow community and find other markets.  They don't have pre-judging like the java guys.  They won't say it's an AI problem.\
\
Do a blog and put a plug for them to add their email addresses for updates.\
\
Drupal 8 coming out later this year.  People are talking about not doing enoug testing from drupal 8.  Won't get money but its def an eager crowd.  Much will change, more OO and switching to Symphony as an under layer.\
Core committers wondering about testing.  Just doing drupal core -- like administration interfaces -- this could give tests for 100,000 sites.  Would be a good service for the community.\
\
Drupal developer days, community sprints.  He could see if any of his guys are interested in this for developing drupal core tests.  About 100 - 150 pages and every drupal site has this.  Could be a great starting point and could gain my community credits.  Before so, do some validation perhaps agaisnt some blog post.\
\
Acquia -- Portland office.\
\
Go try it against some Drupal sites.  Drupal Core -- core distribution.  A very very visible showcase -- Drupal 7.  If Drupal 8 -- I'd get real visibility.\
If I could do a demo against drupal core.  -- This would be a blog post that many people would read and we could put my contact details here.\
\
Drupal Developer days -- end of March.  Generate PHP.  Top 25% of CMSs are PHP.\
Research WebDriver PHP - Facebook is doing this.  It's on Github.\
\
try doing a demo against Drupal 8 Core.\
\
\
try a script against -- http://simplytest.me  so I don't have to install Drupal\
go here.  type Drupal core.  It'll ask for the version, select 8. \
\
He thinks there's an alpha out for Drupal 8.\
\
Symphony is making Drupal more object oriented as Drupal is starting to use Symphony as a base -- I think this is what he was saying.\
\
\
\
\
}